Great to see you made it for the course now that you made it to this video you get a first introduction
to the three most important and most popular javascript frameworks you can learn as of today.
A regular react and do you know maybe you already got a favorite if it's angular or view.
I'd be very happy to welcome you in my complete guide courses here on you to me which I have for both
these frameworks where I dive much deeper and will teach you everything about these two frameworks.
But even if it's react that's totally fine.
The goal of this course was to an able you.
She was a framework or she has multiple frameworks.
As mentioned earlier you can learn more than one.
You can always specify and want but also know a second one.
Nothing wrong with that.
It might even improve you as a developer.
The goal of this course was to kind of take away some of the issues or the complexity you face when
starting as a front end developer you have all these tools and you have all these frameworks and libraries
and you don't know where to get started now I hope that now that you went through this course you'd
know where to get started.
You know why we use libraries and you know why we use frameworks and why we use tools like web pick
why we might use language is like iOS and typescript to make our life as a developer easier during development.
And I hope that you get an impression on which framework might best suit your needs but also during
the introduction sections which framework he liked the most and then definitely go with that framework
and dive deeper into it.
I'd be very happy to welcome you and Ambra courses.
But whatever your choice is all the best to you by.